hi my name is Scott Friedman I'm the
founder and creator of Agri bolt
technologies we have designed a product
that is safe effective in green for
growing plants without the need for
pesticides and fertilizers to get this
project started Dave Allen Court is
going to help with production I'm
excited to be part of this program here
to help Scott out with manufacturing
with my 23 years of manufacturing
experience excited to be part of this
program so agravada is the most easy of
an effective way to grow your plants
without the use of fertilizers and
pesticides it actually charges the soil
allowing more nutrients and ions to be
absorbed into the plant structure which
through photosynthesis helps the plant
grow larger uses a precise amount of
current and the currents no more than
your watch battery or even less but it's
just enough to stimulate the plant to
absorb the nutrients for me the journey
started back in junior high school where
I did this as a science fair project and
actually took first place at state two
years in a row so here you can see one
plant had the AG revolt one plant dented
it's pretty obvious which one had it
these are the kind of results that we
would expect you to find at home with
your own plants a few years later I met
the Dean of the agricultural department
at the University of Florida who was
very interested in this and decided to
do a six-month research project we grew
tomatoes lettuce beans and celery and we
had increased growth anywhere from
thirty to seventy percent in both fresh
and dry weight so an added bonus that we
discovered at the University of Florida
was that it did decrease insect
infestation and mold growth in plants
and in the root systems this can be used
on anything in anywhere at the time we
did the research project it was cost
prohibitive to try and bring this to the
marketplace now that technology is where
it is and people are more understanding
of green technology we're able to make a
product that can be brought to
everyone's home our first generation
prototype was a solar panel in two
electrodes half the time you didn't know
if it was working or not until you saw
the plant growing our second-generation
product is going to have built-in LED
lights a built-in moisture meter to let
you know when you need to water your
plant and it'll also tell you when the
plants or receiving stimulation and when
they're not whether you're a master
gartner or just a beginner this is a
perfect product to enhance what you're
growing whether it's herbs it's fruits
it's vegetables it's garden plants it's
medicinal this can be used on anything
and anywhere we need your support for
manufacturing tooling and components to
make Scotts dream come true and just to
recap AG revolt is a green organic
technology that's safe and effective
it increases plant size and root mass
works on any kind of plant vegetable or
herb works indoors or outdoors and a lot
of fun so with your support thank you
very much and look forward to getting
this out to you
you